Fix issue with Blob tables (#18394)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/6.0.2.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed a regression introduced with :ref:`version_6.0.0`, which caused issues

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in :ref:`version_6.0.0`. When upgrading
  from a ``5.x`` cluster it changed metadata for blob tables in a way that
  is not forward compatible with 6.1.
```

?
